* GO ALL ALONE
AND SAY WE'RE ALL... *
OW.
[LAUGHS]
WANT TO GO AGAIN?
I, UH, I GO'I'I'A
GET BACK TO WORK.
OH, COME ON, MAN.
NOT YET.
HOW ABOUT SOME PINBALL?
I CAN'T.
DUDE, YOU HAVEN'T
BEEN HOME IN 3 DAYS.
THIS DEADLINE'S
KICKIN' MY ASS.
YEAH, MINE, TOO,
BUT WE NEED A BREAK.
HEY, CHECK IT OUT.
ZACH, YOU CANNOT
SAY NO TO THAT.
I AM PRETI'Y TIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID.
GO ON.
[AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE]
[SCREAMING]
WOMAN: EVERYBODY GET DOWN!
MAN: GET DOWN!
[SCREAMING AND SHOUTING]
HE'S DEAD! RAFI'S DEAD!
DO YOU SEE
WHO'S SHOOTING?
YEAH, HE'S RUNNING.
WE NEED HELP.
[GUNFIRE, SCREAMING]
WHERE IS HE?
I DON'T KNOW!
[GUNFIRE]
AGH!
OH, MY GOD!
[ALARM BUZZING]
OH, MY GOD.
ZACH !
I HEARD YOU WERE
LOOKING FOR ME.
YEAH. COME ON IN,
HAVE A SEAT.
UH-OH.
AM I--AM I IN TROUBLE?
WELL, WE DO HAVE TO TALK
ABOUT ONE OF YOUR FD-3OZs,
YOUR REPORT ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED
ON THE ROOF WITH SCRATCH.
YEAH, I WAS A--
A LITTLE LIGHT
ON THE DETAILS.
HERE'S THE THING.
THE BRASS IS GONNA
WANT A BLOW-BY-BLOW.
SCRATCH WAS A NOTORIOUS
ENEMY OF THE BAU.
I JUST WANT TO DOT
OUR Is AND CROSS OUR Ts.
YOU WROTE THAT SCRATCH
FELL OFF OF A FIRE ESCAPE.
HOW DID IT HAPPEN?
WE WERE ON THE ROOF
AND I WAS TRYING
TO BOX HIM IN.
HE, UH, STILL HAD
HIS WEAPON ON HIM
AND HE FIRED ON ME.
DID YOU RETURN?
NO. I, UH,
I COULDN'T GET
A CLEAR SHOT.
HE WENT OVER THE SIDE
OF THE BUILDING
ONTO THE PLATFORM,
AND, UH, I GUESS
THE ANCHORING BOLTS
GAVE OUT UNDER HIS WEIGHT
AND THE WHOLE THING
JUST SWUNG OUT FROM UNDER HIM.
AND THAT WAS IT?
NO. HE DROPPED HIS WEAPON
AND HE REACHED OVER
THE LEDGE OF THE ROOF.
AND IT JUST--IT HAPPENED--
IT HAPPENED SO FAST.
ONE SECOND,
HE WAS FIRING AT ME
AND THE NEXT, HE'S DANGLING
FROM THE SIDE OF THE BUILDING
AND...
DID YOU SAY
ANYTHING TO HIM?
NO, HE, UH--
HE BEGGED ME FOR HELP,
MORE THAN ONCE.
HELP ME, PLEASE.
I DIDN'T TRY
TO PULL HIM UP.
HELP ME.
AND THEN HE JUST
FELL TO THE GROUND.
AAH!
IT HAD TO BE
AT LEAST 50 FEET.
THAT WAS INTENSE.
FOR ALL OF US.
YOU DID THE RIGHT THING
WITH SCRATCH.
IF YOU'D REACHED
FOR HIM, HE WOULD
HAVE PULLED YOU DOWN.
YOU FOLLOWED PROTOCOL.
I KNOW.
SO WHAT YOU JUST TOLD ME,
WOULD YOU WRITE THAT UP?
YOU GOT IT, BOSS.
OK. THANK YOU.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
PRENTISS.
SECRETARY DUKE.
JUST GOT A CALL
FROM HOMELAND SECURITY.
HEY, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
MAYHEM. THERE'S AN ONGOING
SITUATION IN SILICON VALLEY.
WHAT WE KNOW FOR SURE
IS THERE'S A WORKPLACE
SHOOTING
IN THE OFFICE COMPOUND
OF A VIDEO GAMING COMPANY
CALLED ORI-GAMEY.
YEAH, THEY'RE
CUTTING EDGE.
THEY DO A LOT
OF VIRTUAL REALITY.
I HAVE A FEW OF THEIR
FLIGHT SIMULATOR GAMES.
WE'RE ON THE CASE?
HOMELAND SECURITY
ASKED FOR OUR HELP
ON THE GROUND.
WHAT DO WE GOT?
THAT.
OFFICE SHOOTING IN CALIFORNIA.
ARE THEY THINKING
TERRORISM?
THEY'RE THINKING
THEY DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S A HIGH-PROFILE
TECH TARGET.
WE CAN'T RULE OUT
A COORDINATED A'l'I'ACK
OR A LONE WOLF.
THE SITUATION'S
STILL UNFOLDING,
SO EVERYTHING'S STILL
ON THE TABLE.
DO THEY KNOW HOW MANY
SHOOTERS THEY'RE DEALING WITH?
EYEWITN ESS ACCOUNTS
INDICATE A SUSPECT
WAS SEEN FLEEING
THE BUILDING.
DO WE HAVE
A DESCRIPTION?
NO, NOT YET. NO I.D.
AND NO ONE IN CUSTODY.
WELL, THE SOONER
WE GET OUT THERE, THE BE'ITER.
WE'LL BRIEF MORE ON THE JET.
WHEELS UP IN 10.
ALVEZ: "IT IS UNWISE
TO BE TOO SURE
OF ONE'S OWN WISDOM."
MAHATMA GANDHI.
THE SCENE HAS BEEN SECURED
AND THERE'S NO ACTIVE
SHOOTER ON SITE.
IS THERE ANY SECURITY
CAMERA FOOTAGE?
GARCIA: THAT WAS JAMMED.
NO FOOTAGE.
INITIAL REPORTS SAY THAT
THERE ARE 3 PEOPLE DEAD--
A SECURITY GUARD, DOUGLAS BELL,
AND TWO OTHER EMPLOYEES,
ZACH DEVLIN
AND RAFI ABDELLA.
IF THIS IS TERRORISM,
SOMEBODY SHOULD BE
CLAIMING RESPONSIBILITY.
SO FAR THERE'S
RADIO SILENCE ON THAT,
BUT IT COULD TAKE A WHILE,
ESPECIALLY IF IT'S THE WORK
OF A LONE WOLF, RIGHT?
3 VICTIMS,
3 DIFFERENT RACES.
RAFI ABDELLA WAS AN INDIAN
NATIONAL, MUSLIM.
HE WAS WORKING IN THE US.
ON AN H1B VISA.
HE ALSO HAD A GREEN CARD
AND WAS CONSIDERING
APPLYING FOR CITIZENSHIP.
THAT COULD HAVE FUELED
XENOPHOBIC RESENTMENT
ON THE PART OF THE UNSUB.
IF ABDELLA WAS TARGETED,
WE COULD BE LOOKING
AT A HATE CRIME.
WHAT ARE WE HEARING
FROM THE SCENE?
IS THE BODY COUNT
HOLDING STEADY?
THAT IS A BIT OF GOOD NEWS.
HERE WERE 80 PEOPLE
IN THE BUILDING.
THERE'S NO OTHER
REPORTS OF CASUALTIES.
THERE WERE A FEW
MINOR INJURIES
WHEN THEY WERE GETTING
EVACUATED, BUT THAT'S IT.
SOUNDS LIKE AN UNSUB
WITH AN AGENDA
OTHER THAN
A HIGH BODY COUNT.
AND THE CRIME SCENE
PHOTOS JUST CAME IN.
I'M SENDING THEM.
BRACE YOURSELVES.
EACH VICTIM WAS HIT WITH
BETWEEN 10 AND 20 ROUNDS EACH.
GIVEN ALL THESE BULLETS,
IT'S AMAZING
THAT NOT MORE
PEOPLE WERE HIT.
GARCIA, WE'RE GOING TO
NEED A COMPLETE LIST
OF THIS COMPANY'S
EMPLOYEES.
YEAH, I ANTICIPATED THAT.
I'VE ALREADY BEEN COMPILING.
YOU'LL HAVE IT WHEN YOU LAND.
TARA, YOU HEAD TO
THE DHS FIELD OFFICE.
THE REST OF US WILL
GO STRAIGHT TO THE SCENE.
AGENT RICHARDSON
FROM HOMELAND SECURITY
IS EXPECTING US.
WE'VE BEEN GETTING STATEMENTS
FROM ANYONE WHO WAS ANYWHERE
INSIDE THE BUILDING
AT THE TIME OF THE SHOOTINGS.
GLAD TO HAVE YOUR HELP
WITH THAT.
OF COURSE. FORMING
ANY THEORIES?
WELL, WE'RE
ALL OVER THE MAP,
THAT'S WHY WE NEEDED
HELP FROM THE BAU.
WHAT'S NOT ADDING UP?
DIFFERENT THINGS.
FOR INSTANCE,
I TOOK A STATEMENT
FROM THE RECEPTIONIST.
SHE SAID THE SECURITY GUARD,
DOUGLAS BELL,
CAME INTO THE AREA.
SHE SAW HIS WEAPON DRAWN.
MAKES SENSE. HE WAS
RESPONDING TO SHOTS FIRED.
THE GUY DID TWO TOURS
IN AFGHANISTAN
AND HE WAS SHOT
MULTIPLE TIMES,
MID RANGE,
IN THE HEAD AND TORSO.
HOW MANY SHOTS
DID BELL FIRE?
NONE. HIS FIREARM
WAS IN HIS HAND
WHEN WE FOUND THE BODY,
BUT IT HADN'T BEEN FIRED.
HE MIGHT HAVE
RECOGNIZED THE GUNMAN.
THAT COULD HAVE
MADE HIM HESITATE.
HE WAS TRAINED
TO RETURN FIRE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT DOESN'T ADD UP.
IT WAS CRAZY, TOTAL CHAOS.
AT FIRST, I DIDN'T REALIZE
WHAT WAS GOING ON.
THEN, AFTER
THE SHOOTING STOPPED,
I RAN TOWARD
THE FRONT OF THE ROOM
TO SEE IF I COULD HELP.
DID YOU SEE
THE SHOOTER?
YEAH, I SAW HIM,
BUT NOT HIS FACE,
BUT HE WAS WEARING
A BLACK SHIRT.
HE RAN OUT THE EMERGENCY
EXIT OVER THERE.
HE PULLED A FIRE ALARM
AS HE RAN OUT.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE
THE SHOOTING WAS COMING FROM,
SO WHEN THERE WAS A PAUSE,
I JUST MADE A RUN
FOR THE EMERGENCY EXIT.
THAT ONE.
THERE'S A FIRE ALARM
ON THAT WALL.
ARE YOU THE ONE
THAT PULLED IT?
YEAH, THAT WAS ME.
I HOPED IT MIGHT
STARTLE THE SHOOTER,
MAKE HIM STOP.
I WAS STANDING RIGHT HERE.
I SAW HIM GET SHOT.
I'M SORRY. I KNOW--
I KNOW IT WAS TRAUMATIC.
DID YOU SEE THE SHOOTER?
I DIDN'T GET
A GOOD LOOK AT HIM,
BUT I HEARD HIM.
HE YELLED,
"EVERYBODY GET DOWN."
AND THEN HE RAN
BACK THAT WAY
TOWARDS THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
SO YOU WERE IN
THE CONFERENCE ROOM.
I'M A TEAM LEADER.
I WAS RUNNING
A MARKETING MEETING
FOR MY PROJECT GROUP.
AND WERE YOU AWARE
OF WHAT WAS GOING ON
OUT HERE?
WE HEARD THE SHOTS.
I RAN OUT. I JUST
WANTED TO WARN PEOPLE.
I SHOUTED,
"EVERYBODY GET DOWN,"
AND THEN I DOUBLED BACK.
A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK
THEY SAW A LOT OF THINGS,
NOT ALL OF IT ACCURATE.
EYEWITN ESSES ARE
NOTORIOUSLY UNRELIABLE,
ESPECIALLY IN A SITUATION
LIKE THIS.
YEAH, A VERY VIOLENT,
CHAOTIC SCENE.
ANXIETY SPIKES,
MAKES IT DIFFICULT
FOR PEOPLE TO OBSERVE
AND RECREATE EVENTS.
WELL, ONE THING EVERYBODY
SEEMS TO AGREE ON
IS THAT ABDELLA
WAS KILLED FIRST,
AND THEN
THERE WAS A PAUSE,
FOLLOWED BY
TWO BURSTS OF GUNFIRE
THAT LASTED
A FEW SECONDS EACH.
YOU KNOW, THE UNSUB
MUST HAVE USED
AN AUTOMATIC WEAPON.
THERE'S NO NEED TO RELOAD.
OK, SO DEVLIN
AND THE SECURITY GUARD BELL
MUST HAVE BEEN KILLED
IN RAPID SUCCESSION.
THE BODIES ARE SEVERAL YARDS
AWAY FROM ONE ANOTHER.
NOW, DEVLIN WAS HIT
WITH 14 ROUNDS,
BELL WITH 17.
THE OVERKILL COULD MEAN
THAT THE MOTIVE WAS PERSONAL.
WELL, EVEN WITH
THAT MANY ROUNDS FIRED,
THERE WERE ONLY
A HANDFUL OF STRAYS.
RIGHT.
AND GIVEN THE DISTANCE
BETWEEN THE VICTIMS,
EITHER OUR UNSUB
IS ONE HELL
OF A MARKSMAN
OR THERE WERE TWO SHOOTERS.
MULTIPLE SHOOTERS
ARE RARE, I KNOW.
BUT IT DOES FIT
OUR CRIME SCENE.
WE CAN'T RULE IT OUT.
TWO GUNMEN WOULD
INCREASE THE LEVEL
OF PLANNING
AND PREMEDITATION.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
GARCIA, WHAT HAVE YOU GOT?
A NAME. HUGH FITZGERALD.
YOU CAN THANK ME LATER.
I ACCEPT KISSES AND COCKTAILS.
HE IS A DISGRUNTLED,
RECENTLY FIRED EMPLOYEE
WHO COMPLAINED LOUDLY THAT
H1B ASIANS COST HIM HIS JOB.
ANY OTHER RECENTLY
OR NOT SO RECENTLY
FIRED EMPLOYEES
CARRYING A GRUDGE,
MAYBE SOMEBODY
HUGH FITZGERALD
WAS FRIENDLY WITH?
UH, NOTHING RECENTLY
THAT I CAN FIND.
I WAS ONLY LOOKING
AT CURRENT FIRINGS.
SHOULD I GO BACK FARTHER?
OK, WE'LL FOLLOW UP
WITH FITZGERALD.
OH, ALREADY DID.
HUGH FITZGERALD WAS SEEN
ON THE PREMISES EARLIER TODAY.
PRENTISS:
LET'S GET AN APB.
DONE AND DONER.
[SIREN]
THIS GUY IS NOT
PULLING OVER.
HE'S DRIVING
LIKE A MANIAC.
IT LOOKS LIKE THERE'S
A FREEWAY ENTRANCE
ABOUT A MILE AHEAD.
SIMMONS:
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE HIM.
LOCAL BACKUP'S BEEN NOTIFIED
AND THE HIGHWAY PATROL
HAVE THE APB.
THERE'S NO WAY
WE'RE GONNA LOSE THIS GUY.
[BRAKES SCREECHING]
HUGH FITZGERALD, GET YOUR
HANDS WHERE I CAN SEE THEM!
DON'T SHOOT!
PLEASE DON'T SHOOT ME!
MY KID IS IN THE CAR.
DON'T SHOOT.
HEY THERE, SWEETIE.
HEY, IT'S OK.
COME HERE.
LET'S GET YOU OUT OF HERE.
IT'S OK. IT'S OK.
JJ: OK.
WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU THINKING?
I DON'T KNOW.
I--I PANICKED.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO.
DIDN'T MEAN TO WHAT,
SHOOT UP KBUR OFFICE?
YOU WERE SEEN ON THE PREMISES
RIGHT BEFORE THE SHOOTING.
I WAS JUST PACKING UP
MY THINGS.
YOU CAN ASK AROUND
AND THEY'LL TELL YOU
THAT I WAS JUST
CLEANING OUT MY OFFICE.
LOOK, I HAVE THIS--
GET YOUR HANDS BACK UP!
OH, GOD, I'M SORRY.
PLEASE DON'T SHOOT ME.
I JUST WANTED YOU TO SEE
THAT I STILL HAVE
A BOX OF THINGS
IN MY CAR,
ON THE PASSENGER SEAT.
WE HEARD YOU DIDN'T
TAKE IT WELL
WHEN YOU GOT FIRED.
DOES ANYONE?
EVE R?
UH, I POSTED
SOME STUFF ONLINE,
AND IT SAID SOME THINGS
THAT I SHOULDN'T HAVE.
YEAH. SOME RACIST
ANTI-IMMIGRANT RANTS?
OK, OK. YES, I DID THAT.
I--I'M NOT PROUD OF IT.
UM, AND...
WHAT'D YOU DO, HUGH?
MY BOSS. I KEYED HIS CAR.
I KNOW IT WAS WRONG.
I'VE NEVER DONE ANYTHING
LIKE THAT BEFORE, EVER.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHY I DID IT.
YOU KEYED A CAR.
THAT'S WHY
YOU DIDN'T PULL OVER?
THAT'S WHY YOU PUT
YOUR DAUGHTER'S
LIFE AT RISK?
I PANICKED, OK?
I HAVE A LOT OF ANXIETY
ABOUT AUTHORITY.
UH, I AM AN IDIOT.
NOT A KILLER.
I'M SO SORRY.
WELL, HUGH FITZGERALD
WAS RIGHT. HE'S AN IDIOT,
NOT A KILLER.
HIS STORY CHECKS OUT.
WHAT ARE WE GETTING
FROM THE SCENE,
OTHER THAN A BUNCH
OF UNRELIABLE
WITNESS STATEMENTS?
THE PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
IS PRETTY STRAIGHTFORWARD.
MULTIPLE ROUNDS WENT INTO
EACH OF THE 3 VICTIMS,
WITH VERY LITTLE
INDISCRIMINATE
SPRAY OF GUNFIRE.
IF THE UNSUB WANTED
TO GO OUT IN A BLAZE OF GLORY,
HE WOULD HAVE STAYED
ON THE SCENE AND TAKEN OUT
AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE
IN THAT BUILDING.
ONE SHOOTER OR TWO SHOOTERS,
IT'S LOOKING MORE AND MORE
LIKE AT LEAST
TWO OF THE VICTIMS
WERE TARGETED.
IT COULD BE PERSONAL.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO DEEP-DIVE
INTO THE VICTIMOLOGY
TO SEE HOW THESE
3 PEOPLE OVERLAP.
AND WHO THEY MIGHT
HAVE PISSED OFF.
REGARDLESS OF WHETHER
THERE'S ONE OR TWO UNSUBS,
IF THERE'S A KILL LIST,
COULD BE MORE NAMES ON IT.
[INDISTINCT RAP SONG
PLAYING ON HEADPHONES]
[GUNFIRE]
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
THE 4 VICTIMS WERE THE ONLY ONES
WORKING HERE THIS EVENING.
3 MALE, ONE FEMALE.
ONE ASIAN, THE OTHER
3 WERE CAUCASIAN.
GARCIA, HOW MANY EMPLOYEES
IN THIS OFFICE?
12 CODERS,
NO SUPPORT STAFF.
NIGHT PEOPLE. THEY WORKED
IN 3 8-HOUR SHII-TS.
LEAN AND MEAN.
DID THESE 4 ALWAYS
WORK TOGETHER?
NO, ACTUALLY THEIR SCHEDULES
RARELY COINCIDED.
SOME OF THEM WOULD TAKE A
DAYTIME SHIl-T, Al-TERNOON SHIl-T,
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE
A NIGHT SHII-T.
ONE TECHETTE, SARAH WILLIS,
SHE ONLY WORKED NIGHTS.
SO IT WAS RARE
FOR THESE PEOPLE
TO BE IN THE SAME PLACE
AT THE SAME TIME.
IF THEY WERE TARGETED,
THE UNSUB WOULD HAVE
NEEDED TO KNOW
THEIR SCHEDULES.
THAT WOULD HAVE REQUIRED
EXTREME PLANNING.
AND WITH 3
CAUCASIAN VICTIMS,
LOOKS LIKE WE CAN
RULE OUT A HATE CRIME.
GARCIA, OTHER THAN
THE BROKEN WINDOW,
WERE THERE ANY OTHER
SIGNS OF A FORCED ENTRY
IN THE INITIAL REPORTS?
NO, THAT'S IT.
THEY WERE ALL KILLED
AT THEIR WORK STATIONS,
BUT IT DOESN'T APPEAR
AS THOUGH ANY OF THEM
REACT ED TO THE INTRUSION.
THEY MAY NOT HAVE.
THEY WERE ALL WEARING
NOISE-CANCELING HEADPHONES.
ACCORDING TO FIRST RESPONDERS,
MUSIC WAS STILL PLAYING
ON THEM WHEN THEY GOT THERE.
OK, WELL,
IT'S NOT LIKE THE UNSUB
WALKED RIGHT THROUGH
THE FRONT DOOR,
AND THAT WIN DOW'S ABOUT, WHAT,
15 FEET UP OFF THE GROUND?
HOW DID HE GET UP THERE?
YEAH, AND THE LONGER
IT TOOK TO BREAK IN,
THE GREATER THE LIKELIHOOD
THAT ONE OF THE VICTIMS
WOULD SEE EVERYTHING
AND WOULD ALERT THE OTHERS.
GUYS, LOOK,
THERE'S A TRAJECTORY
DIRECTLY FROM
THE BROKEN WINDOW
TO THE CLOSEST VICTIM.
THAT SPOT WAS
AIDEN FERGUSON'S.
MOST OF THE SHOTS
WERE TO HIS HEAD AND NECK
COMING FROM A HIGH ANGLE.
THESE BULLETS WERE
COMING FROM IMPOSSIBLY
HIGH TRAJECTORIES.
THE UNSUB WOULD HAVE
HAD TO HAVE BEEN
CROUCHED ON THE CEILING
TO TAKE SOME OF THOSE SHOTS.
RICHARDSON:
THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
IT DOES IF THERE
WASN'T A GUNMAN,
WHICH WOULD ALSO EXPLAIN
WHY THE SECURITY GUARD
NEVER RETURNED FIRE
AT THE FIRST SCENE.
WELL, SOMEBODY
SHOT ALL THESE PEOPLE.
NO, NOT SOMEBODY,
SOMETHING.
I THINK THE SHOOTER'S
A DRONE.
PRENTISS: A DRONE
BEING OPERATED
FROM A DIFFERENT LOCATION
BY OUR UNSUB.
AND DRONES ARE READILY
AVAILABLE TO HOBBYISTS.
THIS ONE WOULD HAVE
HAD TO HAVE BEEN MODIFIED
OR DESIGNED AND BUILT
TO ACCOMMODATE A FIREARM.
ANY DETAILS WE CAN FIND OUT
ABOUT THE DRONE
WILL TELL US MORE ABOUT
THE UNSUB WHO'S CONTROLLING IT.
WELL, THE SECURITY CAMS
HERE AT THE HOUSE
WERE JAMMED,
BUT THERE IS A TRAFFIC
CAM ACROSS THE STREET.
GARCIA, IT POSSIBLY
CAPTURED IMAGES
OF THE DRONE
ENTERING THE HOUSE.
OH, I'M ALL OVER THAT.
I CAN GET YOU VIDEO IN 10.
OK, AS SOON AS WE CHECK OUT
THIS FOOTAGE,
IT'S TIME TO DELIVER
THE PROFILE.
PRENTISS: WE BELIEVE WE'RE
DEALING WITH A LONE UNSUB
WHO'S USING A DRONE
TO KILL MULTIPLE TARGETS
IN EACH LOCATION.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR A WHITE MALE,
PROBABLY MID TO LATE 20$
AND EXTREMELY TECH-ASTUTE.
ROSSI: THIS UNSUB DOES NOT
APPEAR TO BE MOTIVATED
BY RELIGIOUS EXTREMISM
OR RACIAL HATRED.
IT'S LIKELY HE'S MOTIVATED
BY A PERSONAL VENDETTA.
LEWIS: AND THE DRONE BEING USED
IS NOT YOUR RUN-OF-THE MILL
HOBBYIST DRONE.
IT'S CUSTOM-BUILT
TO BE A FULLY AUTOMATIC
REMOTE WEAPON.
WE HAVE OBTAINED SECURITY
CAMERA FOOTAGE OF THE DEVICE,
AND IT SHARES FEATURES
WITH CERTAIN MILITARY DRONES,
ALTHOUGH THIS ONE
IS MUCH SMALLER.
AS A RESULT, WE BELIEVE
THIS UNSUB MAY BE
EX-MILITARY
OR MILITARY TRAINED.
LEWIS: MOST IMPORTANTLY,
THIS UNSUB
SEEMS TO HAVE A KILL LIST.
REID: RATHER THAN
INDISCRIMINATELY SHOOTING
AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE
AT THE FIRST LOCATION,
HE SPECIFICALLY TARGETED
HIS VICTIMS.
AT THIS POINT
HE'S MURDERED 7 INDIVIDUALS,
ALL OF THEM EMPLOYED
IN THE TECH INDUSTRY.
ASIDE FROM THE SHARED
INDUSTRY OF EMPLOYMENT,
WE HAVE NOT YET IDENTIFIED
THE SPECIFIC CONNECTION
BETWEEN THESE 7 VICTIMS.
THE CONNECTION BETWEEN THEM
WILL BE THE KEY
TO IDENTIFYING THE UNSUB.
AND UNTIL WE MAKE
THAT CONNECTION,
THE UNSUB WILL CONTINUE
WORKING HIS WAY DOWN THAT LIST,
PERHAPS TARGETING
MORE TECH COMPANIES.
[WHIRRING]
SO, EVERYONE EXCEPT
DOUGLAS BELL,
THE SECURITY GUARD,
WORKED IN TECH.
PRENTISS: HE WAS PROBABLY
THE ONLY VICTIM KILLED
WHO WASN'T ON THE LIST,
BUT GIVEN HE WAS ARMED,
HE COULD HAVE DISABLED
THE DRONE.
HE WAS PROBABLY TAKEN OUT
BECAUSE HE PRESENTED A THREAT.
JJ: SO, DEVLIN
AND ABDELLA WERE CODERS
FOR A VIRTUAL REALITY
GAMING COMPANY.
THE OTHER 4 CODERS
WORKED FOR A SOFTWARE
GAMING COMPANY
BUT IN DIFFERENT
CAPACITIES.
AIDEN FERGUSON AND SARAH WILLIS
IN 3-D GRAPHICS.
NATHAN KATZ WORKED
IN MOTION CAPTURE
AND JOSH ABBOTT IN
MOBILE PLATFORMS.
SO THE COMMON THREAD
IS VIDEO GAMES.
THAT'S TOO BROAD.
AND SOMETHING ELSE.
LOOK, EACH ONE OF THE VICTIMS
WAS UNEMPLOYED FOR
APPROXIMATELY 3 MONTHS
IN 2016.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THE DATES DON'T
COMPLETELY OVERLAP,
BUT THEY ALL FALL
BETWEEN FEBRUARY
AND JULY OF 2016.
QUESTION IS,
WHAT WERE THEY DOING?
THERE'S 4 MORE CODERS DEAD
AND ALL OF THEM ON THE TEAM.
THAT MAKES 6.
I KNOW. I THOUGHT IT WAS
A COINCIDENCE, TOO, AT FIRST,
BUT NOW...
I KNOW, THE SEVENTH ONE, BUT--
IT CAN'T ALL BE ARBITRARY,
ALL RIGHT?
AND I CAN'T JUST PRETEND
LIKE IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
OH! OH, GOD, IT'S HIM!
IT'S HIM!
OHH!
[CELL PHONE CHIRPS]
HEY, TORI, HOW HAVE YOU BEEN?
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
[SIREN IN DISTANCE]
CAR IS REGISTERED
TO TORI HOFFSTADT.
GARCIA SAID TORI
WAS ON HER PHONE
AT THE TIME
THIS HAPPENED,
BUT HER NUMBER'S
ENCRYPTED,
SO SHE CAN'T TRACK IT.
TORI WORKS FOR PEAKSTONE.
AND IF SHE HAS ACCESS
TO SENSITIVE INFORMATION,
HER CALLS
COULD BE ENCRYPTED
FOR SECURITY REASONS.
PEAKSTONE. PRIVATE
MILITARY CONSULTING FIRM?
YEAH. I WORKED WITH
SOME OF THEIR CONTRACTORS
IN AFGHANISTAN.
THOSE GUYS
ARE A DIFFERENT BREED.
THEY'RE NOT QUITE CIVILIAN
AND NOT QUITE MILITARY.
PEAKSTONE'S A VERY
POWERFUL COMPANY.
THEY PROVIDE THE MILITARY
WITH CIVILIAN DRONE OPERATORS,
AND THAT COULD BE
OUR PEAKSTONE CONNECTION
TO THE UNSUB.
BUT WHY DIDN'T HE
JUST KILL HER RIGHT HERE?
WHY ABDUCT HER?
IT'S A DEPARTURE
FROM HIS M.O.
AGENT PRENTISS, A WORD?
SURE.
THIS ISN'T LIKE
A GARDEN VARIETY PSYCHO, IS IT?
I'M SORRY, WHAT I MEAN IS,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TAKE
THE LEAD ON THIS.
YOU NO LONGER WANT
TO TAKE LEAD ON THIS?
DON'T MISUNDERSTAND,
WE'LL STILL PROVIDE
PHYSICAL RESOURCES
AND MANPOWER, BUT...
THE CASE IS YOURS.
AND YOU'RE SURE
THIS ISN'T JUST ABOUT
YOU WANTING TO STEER
CLEAR OF PEAKSTONE?
IT'S ABOUT MAKING SURE
THAT THE TEAM WITH
THE GREATEST PROFICIENCY
TAKES THE HELM.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
JUST DRIVE.
YOU DON'T REMEMBER ME,
DO YOU, TORI?
I DO.
I WAS JUST ANOTHER ONE
OF YOUR GAMEBOY RECRUITS.
A DIME A DOZEN, RIGHT?
I REMEMBER YOU, JAKE.
I DIDN'T THINK YOU WOULD.
WHERE ARE YOU TAKING ME?
YOU DON'T GET TO
ASK QUESTIONS!
AND YOU DON'T GET ANSWERS!
JUST DO WHAT
I TELL YOU TO DO.
TORI HOFFSTADT FREELANCED
FOR PEAKSTONE.
SHE WAS IN CHARGE
OF PUTTING TOGETHER
AND SUPERVISING DRONE TEAMS.
A DRONE TEAM CONSISTED OF 6
CODERS AND ONE DRONE PILOT.
THE CODERS WERE SUPPOSED
TO CREATE A MILITARY DRONE
SPECIFICALLY DESIGNED
TO APPEAL TO GAMERS.
BECAUSE BLOWING AWAY
COMPUTER GRAPHICS
IS EXACTLY THE SAME
AS KILLING HUMAN BEINGS?
OK, I JUST WANT TO SAY THAT
MULTIPLE STUDIES HAVE SHOWN
THAT YOU CAN TOTALLY BE INTO
FIRST-PERSON SHOOT-'EM-UP GAMES
AND BE A COMPLETE PACIFIST,
BUT I GUESS
THE MARKETING BEHIND THIS
WAS USING YOUR GAMING EXPERTISE
TO DO SOMETHING PATRIOTIC,
AND THE PAY WAS REALLY GOOD.
WELL, THEY NEEDED
THE RECRUITS.
OUR ENLISTED MEN AND WOMEN
ARE STRETCHED TO THE LIMITS.
NO ONE WANTS A DRAI-T,
SO CONTRACTORS TAKE OVER.
THEIR MARKETING WORKED.
HUNDREDS OF DRONE OPERATORS
WERE STATIONED OVERSEAS
AND EMBEDDED WITH VARIOUS
AIR FORCE SQUADRONS.
THAT COULD HAVE BEEN
OVERWHELMING
TO GUYS RECRUITED
FOR THEIR ABILITY
TO HANG OUT
IN THEIR MOM'S BASEMENT
PLAYING "CALL OF DUTY."
IF OUR UNSUB IS A FORMER
DRONE OPERATOR,
IT COULD ALSO EXPLAIN
WHY HE'S TARGETING THE CODERS
WHO DEVELOPED THE SOFTWARE.
HE COULD HOLD
THEM RESPONSIBLE
FOR MAKING KILLING
SEEM LIKE A GAME.
PEOPLE WHO WEREN'T
IN ACTIVE COMBAT
BUT STILL RACKED UP
CASUALTIES,
THEY CAN SUFFER
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS.
BUT, GARCIA, DID TORI
BUT TOGETHER A TEAM
DURING THE EMPLOYMENT
GAPS OF OUR VICTIMS?
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
BETWEEN FEBRUARY
AND JULY OF 2016.
SHE DID, AND IT PRODUCED
A DRONE THAT WAS USED
IN STRIKES AGAINST
ENEMY TARGETS
UNTIL JULY 2016
WHEN THE CONTRACT
WAS ABRUPTLY CANCELED
BY PEAKSTONE.
ANY SPECULATION
AS TO WHY?
NONE. ACCORDING TO
OFFICIAL REPORTS,
THE FINAL MISSION
WAS EXTREMELY SUCCESSFUL.
IT WAS AN INSURGENTS CAMP
IN THE HELMAND PROVINCE
OF AFGHANISTAN.
A LOT OF CASUALTIES.
372 DEAD.
GARCIA, WE NEED THE NAME
OF THAT CIVILIAN DRONE OPERATOR.
HE'S OUR UNSUB.
I KNOW THAT. I KNOW THAT.
DO YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW THAT?
BUT PEAKSTONE
HAS ITS DATA IN A VAULT.
I'M DOING THE BEST I CAN.
I REALLY DIDN'T THINK
YOU'D REMEMBER ME.
I DO.
I WAS SO HAPPY
WHEN YOU JOINED THE TEAM.
YOU MADE IT SOUND LIKE
I'D JUST BE PLAYING
VIDEO GAMES.
THE SOFTWARE WAS A LOT
LIKE A VIDEO GAME.
YOU GAVE INPUT
ON THE DESIGN, REMEMBER?
YEAH. BUT IT
WASN'T A GAME.
NO. IT WASN'T A GAME.
YOU WERE FIGHTING
FOR OUR COUNTRY.
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD
OF YOUR SERVICE.
I WANTED TO BE.
BUT I'M NOT LIKE
THE ENLISTED GUYS.
YOU SERVED WITH THEM,
SIDE BY SIDE.
THOSE FLYBOYS LOOKED DOWN
THEIR NOSES AT ME,
SAID I NEVER REALLY
PUT MY LIFE ON THE LINE,
JUST STAYED SAFE
AND JUST KILLED
WITH THE FLICK
OF A BUTTON.
THEY DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
THEY WERE TALKING ABOUT.
EVERYONE HAS A PART
TO PLAY.
YOU WERE JUST DOING
YOUR PART.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY CALLED IT?
THEY CALLED IT
CUTTING THE GRASS.
YOU GOTTA CUT THE GRASS
BEFORE IT GETS TOO TALL.
NO, I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
THEY'D TELL US
TO PULL THE WEEDS
BEFORE THEY TOOK OVER
THE GARDEN.
DID YOU EVER
HEAR THAT ONE?
I NEVER HEARD THAT.
THAT'S--THAT'S CLEVER.
NO, IT'S NOT.
BECAUSE PEOPLE
AREN'T GRASS.
AND PEOPLE AREN'T WEEDS.
THEY'RE TERRORISTS.
YOU WERE DOING
WHAT NEEDED TO BE DONE,
KEEPING THE PEOPLE
OF THIS COUNTRY SAFE.
THEY DON'T LOOK LIKE
PEOPLE ON THE SCREENS.
THEY JUST LOOK
LIKE SHADOWS.
BLACK AND GRAY SMUDGES
MOVING ACROSS THE DESERT.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
THEY CALLED THE LITTLE ONES?
I DON'T KNOW.
FUN-SIZE TERRORISTS.
LIKE THE CANDY BARS.
THEY WERE JUST KIDS.
LITTLE KIDS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, JAKE?
YOU KNOW.
I NEED YOUR HELP
WITH CLASSIFIED
MILITARY INFORMATION.
INTEL LIKE THAT
IS BEYOND MY CAPABILITY.
YOU'RE HOMELAND SECURITY.
YOU HAVE MILITARY CONNECTIONS.
I NEED THE NAME
OF THE CIVILIAN DRONE
OPERATOR ON THE TEAM.
HE'S OUR UNSUB.
THE MILITARY
DOESN'T HAVE HIS NAME.
SO WHO HAS IT?
ONLY THE PEOPLE
THAT HIRED HIM.
PEAKSTONE.
YES. BUT THE EMPLOYMENT
RECORDS ARE CONFIDENTIAL.
THEY'RE NOT EVEN SUBJECT
TO SUBPOENA.
THIS UNSUB HAS MURDERED
7 PEOPLE
AND IS HOLDING A HOSTAGE.
YOU CAN HELP US
SAVE HER LIFE.
THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO.
YOU KNOW SOMEONE
AT PEAKSTONE.
I'M ASKING YOU TO REACH OUT.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
PEAKSTONE WON'T
RELEASE THE NAME.
THEN GIVE ME THE NAME
OF YOUR CONTACT
AND I WILL TRY.
I WILL TAKE ALL THE BLOWBACK.
PLEASE, I HAVE TRY.
A WOMAN'S LIFE DEPENDS ON IT.
LOOK, YOU AND ME, WE DEAL
WITH BUREAUCRATIC RED TAPE
BECAUSE WE HAVE TO.
BUT WHAT WE REALLY DO
IS SAVE LIVES.
HELP ME SAVE HER LIFE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT
FROM ME, JAKE?
WHY DID YOU BRING ME HERE?
I WANT TO KNOW WHY
YOU TOLD ME ABOUT IT.
ABOUT WHAT?
THE LETTER I GOT
WHEN THE CONTRACT ENDED.
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THOSE LETTERS.
THAT'S PEAKSTONE.
YOU ARE PEAKSTONE.
THAT IS NOT WHAT I DO.
OTHER PEOPLE
AT THE COMPANY DO THAT,
PEOPLE HIGHER UP
THAN ME.
IT BREAKS EVERYTHING
DOWN BY MISSION.
OUR LAST MISSION,
THAT ONE WAS BIG.
372.
THE INSURGENT
TRAINING CAMP?
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD
OF YOUR SERVICE.
DON'T YOU KNOW?
KNOW WHAT, JAKE?
I TOLD YOU, AFTER I GET
A TEAM UP AND RUNNING,
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THE MISSIONS.
I WISH I DIDN'T KNOW.
THANK YOU.
I DON'T OI-TEN
HAVE THE PLEASURE
OF HOSTING DOMESTIC
LAW ENFORCEMENT,
GIVEN THAT OUR BAILIWICK
IS NATIONAL SECURITY.
I ONLY NEED ONE THING.
THE NAME OF THE DRONE PILOT
ON THE TEAM THAT
TORI HOFFSTADT
PUT TOGETHER IN 2016.
THAT INFORMATION
IS CONFIDENTIAL.
I UNDERSTAND YOU ADMINISTER
PSYCH EVALUATIONS
TO YOUR RECRUITS.
THAT'S TRUE.
THE RECRUIT I'M ASKING ABOUT
WOULD HAVE TESTED
AS IMMATURE AND UNSTABLE,
WITH AGGRESSIVE TENDENCIES.
WE WOULDN'T EMPLOY
SUCH A PERSON.
BUT IF YOU DID, THAT WOULD
MAKE YOU LIABLE FOR HIS ACTIONS.
LET ME BE CLEAR.
WE DO NOT EMPLOY
UNSTABLE INDIVIDUALS.
HOWEVER, EVEN IF WE DID,
THERE'S NO LIABILITY
THAT WOULD ATTACH TO US.
IT'S GUARANTEED
BY THE GOVERNMENT.
HAVE YOU EVER
PRESSED THAT GUARANTEE
WHEN YOU'VE EMPLOYED
A SERIAL KILLER?
IF THE PILOT YOU'RE
LOOKING FOR BECAME UNSTABLE,
IT MOST LIKELY HAPPENED
AI-TER HE LEI-T PEAKSTONE.
WHY WOULD THAT HAPPEN?
SOMETIMES, LIKE DISCHARGED
MILITARY PERSONNEL,
THEY HAVE
DIFFICULTY PROCESSING
THEIR EXPERIENCES.
WHY?
A VARIETY OF REASONS,
I SUPPOSE.
SOME OF THEM HAVE
TROUBLE WITH THE LETTER.
WHAT LETTER?
THE ONE THEY GET THANKING
THEM FOR THEIR SERVICE
AND PROVIDING THEM WITH
STATISTICAL INFORMATION
ON THEIR MISSIONS.
STATISTICAL INFORMATION?
YOU MEAN BODY COUNTS?
YES. AMONG OTHER THINGS.
WHY WOULD YOU GIVE THEM
THAT LETTER?
IT'S PROTOCOL,
DESIGNED TO PROTECT THEM.
FROM WHAT?
FALSE INFORMATION.
MANY OF THEIR MISSIONS ARE
REPORTED ON IN THE MEDIA.
WE WANT THEM TO HAVE
ACCURATE STATISTICS,
AND WE DON'T WANT
THEM BLINDSIDED
BY ANY INFORMATION.
THAT KIND OF LETTER,
IN MY LINE OF WORK,
WE ALL THAT A TRIGGER.
YOU MAKE IT SOUND
SO SINISTER.
IT'S NOT THAT AT ALL.
THEY'RE AWARE
FROM THE BEGINNING
THAT THEY'LL BE GIVEN
THOSE STATISTICS
AT THE END
OF THEIR SERVICE.
THOSE WHO CAN'T HANDLE IT
DON'T OPEN THEM.
NOT EVERYONE HAS
THE SELF-AWARENESS
TO MAKE THAT DECISION.
NOW, IF YOU ADD
THAT TRIGGER
TO AN UNSTABLE
INDIVIDUAL, YOU GET--
YOU GET WHAT,
AGENT PRENTISS?
A SERIAL KILLER?
I HIGHLY DOUBT THAT
YOU COULD PROVE THAT.
PLEASE! PLEASE,
CAN YOU HELP ME?! PLEASE!
OH, PLEASE,
PLEASE HELP ME!
OH, PLEASE, SOMEBODY!
[HORN HONKING]
[BRAKES SCREECHING]
PLEASE! PLEASE HELP ME!
PLEASE!
HELP!
EMILY GOT SHUT DOWN
BY PEAKSTONE.
SHE DIDN'T GET
THE UNSUB'S NAME?
NO, THEY WOULDN'T
GIVE IT TO HER.
IS THAT EVEN LEGAL?
UNFORTUNATELY, IT IS.
BUT SHE DID GET
SOME INFORMATION
ABOUT HOW THEY WORK
WITH CONTRACTORS.
SHE SAID THAT EACH
DEPARTING DRONE PILOT
RECEIVED A LETTER
DETAILING THE NUMBER
OF CASUALTIES
FROM EACH OF THEIR MISSIONS.
WOW. TALK ABOUT
A TRIGGER.
YEAH. ESPECIALLY FOR SOMEONE
ENGAGED IN REMOTE COMBAT.
AND WHAT SEEMS LIKE
A VIDEO GAME ONE DAY
COULD FEEL VERY DIFFERENT
WHEN PRESENTED AS A BODY COUNT.
TH ESE CONTRACTORS
AREN'T EVEN VETERANS.
THEY DON'T HAVE
THE POST-DISCHARGE RESOURCES
OR EVEN THE SUPPORT
COMMUNITY THAT
RETURNING VETS HAVE.
TORI HOFFSTADT ESCAPED.
SHE FLAGGED DOWN A CAR,
THEY TOOK HER
TO ST. ANN'S HOSPITAL.
SHE SEEMS UNHARMED,
BUT THEY'RE HOLDING HER
FOR OBSERVATION.
I DIDN'T WANT
TO HURT HIM. I JUST...
I THOUGHT
HE WAS GONNA KILL ME.
TORI, LOOK,
YOU'RE SAFE NOW, OK?
WE KNOW HOW MUCH
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH.
IF YOU NEED MORE TIME,
JUST LET US KNOW.
DID YOU KNOW HIM?
YES.
HIS NAME WAS JAKE LOGAN.
I HIRED HIM AS
A CIVILIAN DRONE PILOT
FOR ONE OF MY TEAMS.
I THOUGHT
HE WAS GONNA KILL ME.
HE TOOK YOU
TO HIS HOUSE.
DO YOU KNOW WHY
HE DIDN'T KILL YOU?
NO. HE WAS JUST,
YOU KNOW, TALKING.
HE REALLY WASN'T
MAKING A LOT OF SENSE.
DID HE SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT CASUALTY COUNTS?
HIS LAST MISSION HAD
HUNDREDS OF CASUALTIES.
NO, UH-UH.
HE WAS JUST RAMBLING,
YOU KNOW?
BUT I WAS REALLY SCARED.
HOW DID YOU GET AWAY?
HE SEEMED CONFUSED.
SO HE PUT THE GUN DOWN,
AND I--I GRABBED IT,
THEN I PULLED THE TRIGGER
AND I RAN.
AND YOU SHOT HIM?
I JUST HAD TO GET AWAY.
I'M SO SORRY.
DID HE GO DOWN?
I DON'T--I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST SHOT THE GUN
AND I RAN.
YOU KNOW, IT JUST ALL
HAPPENED SO FAST.
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
THE VICTIM, TORI, SHE SAID
SHE ONLY FIRED ONCE.
THIS GUY WAS SHREDDED.
JUST LIKE HIS
EARLIER VICTIMS.
IT'S BEEN FIRED.
IT COULDN'T
HAVE BEEN THE UNSUB
UNLESS HE HAS
VERY LONG ARMS.
THE GUN TORI USED
WAS FOUND OUTSIDE.
SHE DROPPED IT
WHEN SHE RAN.
THIS MUST HAVE HAPPENED
AI-TER SHE ESCAPED.
COULD HAVE BEEN HACKED.
SO, WHO WANTED
THE UNSUB DEAD?
TORI'S HIDING SOMETHING.
EVERY TIME WE ASKED HER
FOR DETAILS, SHE CLAMMED UP.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
HEY, GO AHEAD, GARCIA.
OK, I GOT SOME OF
MY MOJO BACK.
I WASN'T ABLE TO GET
THE NAME OF OUR GUY,
BUT I DO KNOW
A LOT OF DETAILS
ABOUT JAKE LOGAN'S
FINAL MISSION,
THE ONE BEFORE
THE CONTRACT WAS CANCELED.
THE ONE WITH THE HIGH
CASUALTY COUNT.
THE INSURGENT TRAINING CAMP?
YEP, YEP, THAT'S THE ONE.
SO, I--I TRIED TO GO BACK
AND THINK, LIKE,
WHAT COULD BE
THE UNSUB'S STRESSOR
OR HIS CURRENT
STATE OF MIND.
I DON'T KNOW,
I JUST WENT WITH MY GUT.
WELL, WHAT DID YOU FIND?
I FOUND A LOT OF AWFUL
I DIDN'T EXPECT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
OK, SO, I LOOKED INTO
MILITARY STRIKES
AND INSURGENT CAMPS
THAT HAD THAT NUMBER
OF CASUALTIES.
372.
YEAH, 372.
THE THING IS,
THERE'S NO RECORD
OF THAT KIND OF BOMBING
AT AN INSURGENT TRAINING CAMP
WITH THAT NUMBER OF CASUALTIES.
MAYBE THE TIMING'S OFF.
RIGHT. THAT'S WHAT
I THOUGHT, TOO,
SO I LOOKED WITHIN
TWO YEARS OF BOTH SIDES
OF THE DATE OF THAT STRIKE.
THAT'S PRETTY COMPREHENSIVE.
WHAT'D YOU FIND?
I FOUND ATROCIOUS.
I FOUND A BOMBING THAT
RESULTED IN 372 CASUALTIES,
BUT IT WASN'T AT
AN INSURGENT TRAINING CAMP.
IT WAS AT
AN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.
LITTLE KIDS,
ALL UNDER THE AGE OF 12.
THAT'S TERRIBLE.
IT'S TERRIBLE.
I MEAN, IT WAS--
IT WAS EITHER BAD INTEL
ON THE GROUND
OR A MALFUNCTION IN
THE SOFTWARE.
WHO KNOWS? THAT REMAINS
A DREADFUL MYSTERY.
AND PEAKSTONE
COVERED IT UP.
WELL, THEY SURE AS HELL
DIDN'T COME CLEAN ABOUT IT.
AND THEY PULLED THE PLUG
ON THE CONTRACT RIGHT Al-TER.
THAT'S THE KIND OF THING
THAT COULD COST THEM
ALL OF THEIR
GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS.
GARCIA: AND THERE'S MORE.
THAT ENCRYPTED PHONE CALL
THAT TORI WAS ON
WHEN SHE WAS ABDUCTED,
I WAS ABLE TO CRACK IT.
SHE WAS ON THE PHONE
WITH PEAKSTONE.
JJ: PEAKSTONE KNEW
SHE WAS BEING ABDUCTED
AND DIDN'T CALL THE POLICE.
OH, YEAH,
THERE'S MORE THAN THAT.
THEY TEXTED HER RIGHT AI-TER.
THEY TOLD HER TO STAY CALM
AND THAT THEY
WERE COMING FOR HER.
BUT THEY DIDN'T.
THEY WERE PROBABLY WORRIED
SHE'D COME CLEAN
ABOUT THE SCHOOL BOMBING.
THEY HAD HER RIGHT
WHERE THEY WANTED HER.
MURDERING THE UNSUB
WAS ONLY HALF THE JOB.
THEY WERE GOING TO
USE THE DRONE
TO KILL THEM BOTH.
YEAH, TORI'S
UNFINISHED BUSINESS.
HI, I'M TAKING OVER.
YOU CAN LEAVE.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
[SIREN]
DROP YOUR WEAPON.
DROP IT.
I KNOW MY RIGHTS.
I WANT A LAWYER.
MY GOD!
[GASPING] OH, MY GOD,
HE WAS GONNA KILL ME.
OH, HE WAS GONNA KILL ME.
GOD, THIS IS THAT MISSION.
WHAT HAPPENED,
TORI?
JAKE'S LAST MISSION,
OK, IT WAS A MISTAKE.
BUT JAKE, HE BLAMED
EVERYBODY AT PEAKSTONE,
THE CODERS, ME.
HE SAID WE'D TURNED HIM
INTO A MURDERER.
BUT THAT THAT WAS
AN ACCIDENT, OK?
WE NEVER MEANT
FOR THAT TO HAPPEN.
YOU KNEW ABOUT THE SCHOOL
RIGHT Al-TER IT HAPPENED,
DIDN'T YOU?
WE THOUGHT
WE COULD COVER IT UP.
THE DEATHS OF HUNDREDS
OF CHILDREN--
YOU THOUGHT YOU COULD
JUST SWEEP THAT
UNDER THE RUG?
YOU FILED FALSE REPORTS.
YES.
DID PEAKSTONE
KNOW ABOUT IT?
PEAKSTONE MADE ME FILE
THOSE FAKE REPORTS.
THEY KNEW EVERYTHING.
I THOUGHT THIS
WAS ALL OVER,
AND THEN HE STARTED
KILLING THOSE CODERS--
JJ: YOU KNEW IT WAS JAKE.
THAT'S WHY YOU CALLED
YOUR CONTACT AT PEAKSTONE?
I THOUGHT
HE'D PROTECT ME
AI-TER EVERYTHING I HAD
DONE FOR THAT COMPANY.
YOU WERE JUST AS MUCH
A LIABILITY TO THEM
AS JAKE LOGAN.
THEY MURDERED HIM.
IF YOU HADN'T ESCAPED,
THEY WERE GOING
TO KILL YOU, TOO.
I TRUSTED THEM.
GOD, I WAS SO STUPID.
TORI HOFFSTADT,
WE'RE PUTTING YOU
IN CUSTODY.
WHAT? WHAT?
WHAT--NO! NO!
NO! [CRYING] NO...
[DOOR OPENS]
WOMAN: YOU CAN'T GO IN THERE.
PRENTISS: YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
PRENTISS: "THE MURDERER
SURVIVES THE VICTIM
"ONLY TO LEARN
THAT IT WAS HIMSELF
THAT HE LONGED TO BE RID OF."
THORNTON WILDER.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
LOOKS LIKE YOUR CONTACT
AT PEAKSTONE'S
BEING CHARGED WITH
CONSPIRACY AND MURDER.
AND TORI FLIPPED.
SHE CUT A DEAL.
SURPRISE, SURPRISE.
YEAH. SHE GOT 5 YEARS
ON A PLEA
IN EXCHANGE
FOR HER TESTIMONY.
AND THE GOVERNMENT
CUT ALL CONTRACTS
WITH PEAKSTONE.
ALL IN A DAY'S WORK.
FEELS GOOD.
OH, AND I GOT YOUR
REPORT ON SCRATCH.
THANK YOU.
OH, YEAH. IT'S NO PROBLEM.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO STAY LATE
TO FINISH IT, THOUGH.
I DIDN'T--
DIDN'T TAKE LONG.
I SEE YOU'RE STILL
DIGGING YOUR WAY OUT
OF THIS MOUNTAIN
OF PAPERS.
IT SOMEHOW MANAGED
TO METASTASIZE
OVER THE 6 WEEKS
WE WERE OFF.
BUT WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
LATE NIGHTS HAPPEN.
NO WAY.
YOU BROUGHT DINNER?
OHH! WOW,
THAT IS SO PERFECT.
I FIGURED YOU'D BE
HUNGRY, YOU KNOW?
THAI OK?
OH, TOTALLY OK.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YOU GOTTA STAY
AND HAVE DINNER WITH ME.
UNLESS--NO, IT'S LATE
AND YOU GOTTA GO. ROXY.
NO, ACTUALLY, ROXY 'S
STILL WITH MY PET SITTER
AND IT'S TOO LATE
TO PICK HER UP NOW.
I'LL SWING BY
IN THE MORNING.
GOOD. [CHUCKLES]
EATING ALONE IN
THE OFFICE IS THE WORST.
TELL ME ABOUT IT.
AND WHY IT IS I ALWAYS
COME HOME TO AN EMPTY
REFRIGERATOR?
YEAH.